people what's up and welcome
to the next video you have beautiful
t shirt is still on
the same year, the guy wears 34 days
same t-shirt No, I just
immediately continued shooting from the last day
and it's about the alfa today
lemon winemaker of the new race multiple
Now available in Germany or
available for months 250 km 250
can cost 250 grams 23 24 23 50h
ratings pug whole now in the new
packaging
I miss the old easier years
So the stolen one from the
Foreign has received the new
Packaging is somehow pretty cool
but the big ones do not hold properly and
Everything but it does not matter
red dyed the whole rangers and how
already said you have somehow
But one box is two
no matter if lemon mint
we'll just come to the smell
to bavarian a sweetish lemon one
fresh lemon and another
Peppermill to simplify the one to
know
simply cool there in my eyes the
geilste lemon tiny on the market, the
the other varieties of alitalia alba and
All these are cool in any case
you can smoke but vacha comes my
opinion after nothing was after each
550 this morning it is to siblings
what sullen turn sibling on the
per head probably have from 03
cocos and china smith the fine
match glass piece yes we come to smoke
The whole bomb must then
watch out at the German
foreign snores the 250 grams the
are wet
he pushes at the beginning to ten years
waiting since about 345 minutes experienced this
The whole consumption is extremely extreme
heat if he gets too little now
then just say how sour country is yes
virtually useless
but that werner a few minutes
gets proper steam when the pro
head if the tobacco prices is if
it then neatly on the face then gives
is on the start then nothing presses anymore
he can handle so damn much heat so
if you may need it with her
you can also like four coals on it
otherwise come with tinfoil main
delete completely and delete
then the whole thing is needed here
you somehow do not fear that you
burns you or so I know so well
like no tobacco that heat so much
is easier again what is here
go and staircase
Mr taste just bomb you have
I do not have much of it anymore
luckily I have a second one
pack
i was looking for that at the moment as is almost
So every day I can really do it every day
I can also do it twice a day
Smoking is just a day you
yes, it does not matter if it's winter
No matter if summer does not matter if it's heart
It rains if you smoke under the bridge
can you always smoke horny lemon
Sweetish sparkling slightly harsh then comes
this peppermint from this
simple and very balanced
it is not an extremely cold menthol human
is just a delicious peppermint
the mates, and for this this yellow
lemon
So there's just one of mine here
clear purchase recommendation even if the price
maybe a bit of usa 23 50 250 g
everything with no matter
one of the hottest varieties on the market
we hope four shopping
Just smoking nicely makes it easy
fun
I 'll use up the head after
Maybe I could have another year
maybe I can still have ten heads
today yes I have a second here
There it was in that sense too
again friends yes short crisp
wing so buy yourself if you
you if you also lemon mint is
give the video thumbs up if
you liked the video subscribed
if it has not already been done
and we'll see you in the next one
video again, reinery ps